=head1 NAME

Djet::Manual::Cart

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is the description of the cart and checkout in Jet.

Handling prices and shopping is a dificult subject, and Jet has to use several parts for maximal flexibility and ease of use.

=head2 Basenodes

There are a number of basenodes involved,

=over 4

=item cart

Defines the cart node. This node holds the shopping cart, and it's here that products are added or removed to or from the cart.

=item checkout

Handles the checkout process. Exactly what is going to happen depends on how many of the next basetypes are present in the system.

=over 4

=item checkout_cart

Responsible for displaying and updating the cart in the checkout process.

=item checkout_address

Responsible for displaying and updating the cart in the checkout process

=item checkout_payment

Handles the payment in the checkout process

=back

These basetypes have to be children of the checkout basetype. Their order (currently the node modification timestamp) decides the order
they are displayed and processed by the checkout handler.

The checkout handler is an ordinary L<Djet::Engine> class, whereas the other handlers are L<Djet::Shop::Checkout> classes.

=back

=head2 Classes

=over 4

=item Djet::Part::Local::Cart>

Adds the cart and some important urls to the local object.

Note! The cart object defined here is used in all other cart and checkout classes, as well as in the templates. This means that
it's easy to subclass Djet::Part::Local::Cart and define your own cart.

This is quite important, as all quantity price handling and other special stuff easily fits into the whole system.

=item L<Djet::Engine::Cart>

=item L<Djet::Engine::Checkout>

=item L<Djet::Shop::Cart>

Is a subclass of L<Nitesi::Cart>

=item L<Djet::Shop::Checkout>

=item L<Djet::Shop::Checkout::Cart>

=item L<Djet::Shop::Checkout::Address>

=item L<Djet::Shop::Checkout::Payment>

=back

=cut

