=head1 NAME

Djet::Manual::Update

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is the description of the update process in Djet, covering Form based Update, Create and Delete actions.

The update process of Djet is contained in the L<Djet::Role::Update> and L<Djet::Role::Update::Node> roles primarily, and there is a
L<Djet::Role::Update::Basetype> to handle update of the basetypes. The latter role shows the flexibility of the update process, in that
it can update other database objects than nodes.

=head2 post_is_create

Djet uses L<Web::Machine>, and the update process hooks into post_is_create, where it calls edit_update in L<Djet::Role::Update>. If there
is a validation failure, or the update didn't succeed, post_is_create returns false, so process_post will be called.

If edit_update was successful, post_is_create returns true, so create_path will be called.

=head2 create_path

Returns the uri of the node. If the request was updating a node, it's just the same uri. If the request was for adding a node,
the path of the new node is used.

After create_path, Web__machine calls the content handler, which is called create_by_post in L<Djet::Role::Update>.

=head2 create_by_post

Basically, create_by_post just returns \302, implementing the POST-redirect-GET pattern.

By default, create_by_post returns 201, but some (most?) browsers don't redirect when recieving that status code.

=head2 process_post

Loads the defaults on the stash and returns to the same page for the user to correct validation errors.

=head1 THE EDIT PROCESS

=head2 edit_submit

Called from post_is_create, validates the input and tries to update or create the node.

edit_submit calls edit_validation and either edit_update or edit_create depending on the is_new attribute, if the
validation was successful. Otherwise edit_failed_validation is called.

=head2 edit_validation

Validates input using Data::FormValidator.

=head2 edit_failed_validation

Updates the stash with msgs and error. The msgs hash can be used to highlight which input entries are failing. The error text can
be displayed to make the user aware that there is a problem.

=head2 edit_update

=head2 edit_create

Calls edit_submit_handle_transaction to perform the actual transaction. Calls edit_updated upon a successful transaction, and
edit_failed_update otherwise.


=cut

